Reviewer 3 of ICRA 2018 submission 987

Comments to the author
======================

Paper presents an efficiency study for an integrated
cycloidal gearbox looking at break-in to steady-state
performance. This involved a significant amount of fixture
building, experimentation, and data gathering/processing.


Specific Feedback:

Sec II:
para 2: loss of 88%, should be efficiency of 88%

Eqn 1: It would be informative to include the number of
lobes and pins for the design under study. We can guess
from the 59:1 ratio.

Likewise, comparative claims regarding the specific torque
should be supported with the inclusion of basic overall
dimensions for the gearbox. To be compared by a reader to
the specific model of HD drive listed Sec V.

Eqns 2&3, Cx,Cy not defined

Eqns 2-9: not important to the focus of this paper. Nor are
they used in this study. The gearbox was designed and built
prior to this paper. 

Sec III:
Para 2: It is claimed that motor efficiency and IGBT losses
are included in the calculations.  It would be informative
to have an example calc or table of several points to show
the relative magnitudes of these losses

Cycles: 
Sec III para 3. lists "efficiency cycle" and "long
term drive cycle". Table I shows "designed duty cycles".
Table II shows "long run drive cycle". Sec III, last
sentence has "nominal cycle" (also there: "Fig I" should be
"Table I"). Sec IV starts with "Duty cycle testing". 
Defining terms and consistent use is important. It is
unclear which of these are the same and which is performed
where.	No definition of the "duty cycle" used in Sec V is
given

Sec IV:
para 2: text "(see Fig 5" and "(see Fig 7" missing closing
parenthesis.

Sec V: 
It is common for studies of gearbox efficiency to include
temperature data because of the large effect this has. 
While no temp sensor was noted, a temperature sensor would
improve understanding of the data here.

Test Coverage:
The capability of the test setup allowed only the low-speed
(<20%), low-torque (<35%) region of the designed
performance envelope of the gearbox to be characterized.

Fig 8: data plotted against "Percentage of Maximum Torque"
is not a fair comparison as the non-cycloidal gearbox data
are scaled to their full design torque while the cycloidal
gearbox data is scaled to 20% of design torque.

Conclusions for in-use performance -- for the designed task
from Table I, cannot be made because of the limited
testing.

Refs:
Refs 3-10, & 14 are incomplete, no sources cited.
